# Project Shape Function.

## Based on paper by A Simple Expression for Multivariate Lagrange Interpolation, Kamron Saniee∗ , 2007.  

##  The Goal of this project is to build a library of General Shape Functions of all orders possible for Elements such as Lines, Triangles, Quadrilaterals, Tetrahedrals, Hexahedrals, Prisms and Pyramids. Basically every kind of Element that is possible to be generated by Gmsh.

## This project shall be later ported to C++ and be integrated into Project-FEA2.

### As of now the following Elements are ready
#### Complete Triangles
#### Complete Quadrilaterals

### The following Shape Functions are still to be built.
#### Incomplete Triangles
#### Incomplete Quadrilaterals
#### Tetrahedrals
#### Hexahedrals
#### Prisms
#### Pyramids





## Instructions for Generating Shape Functions

To Generate Shape Functions you may do the following.  
Step 1: Determine the points x & y you want to find the shape functions for.  
Here x and y are random points with the Shape Function Domain.  
Step 2: Determine the order of the shape function.  
Step 3: Build Coefficient Matrix by calling CoeffMatrix=FindCoeff<Traingle, Quad, etc..>(order)
Step 3: Call function "Mat=Build<Triangle, Quad, etc..>Matrix(order, x, y, NumOfNodes)"  
Step 4: Multiply Mat with Transpose(CoeffMatrix) as ,  N=Mat*CoeffMatrix'  
N(1,1), N(1,2), N(1,3), ... with represent the different shape functions.  
If COLUMN vectors are passed in x and y then N(:,1), N(:,2), N(:,3), ... will
represent the different shape functions.  

Note:
Eg. Coeff(1,:) gives the set of Coefficients of node 1. 
Eg. Coeff(2,:) gives the set of Coefficients of node 2.

## Instructions for Plotting Shape Functions

To Generate Shape Function Plots you may do the following.  
Step 1: Open the file 'Plot<Traingle, Quad, etc..>ShapeFunc.m'.
Step 2: Set the line 
            order=3
to order of your choice and run the script.

